The services page looks as though it is working perfectly. The only i would say is we should have multiple areas to select things. So for example below i have outlined where and how we should select the services in a way that makes it easier to select for all. However i also think it would be of benefit that if a stylist is set up we should also have a list of all the staff members/stylists at the bottom of any service page with a tick box/radio button so we can select whether or not they can do the service from this page also. It just makes it far more user friendly to set up. A more dynamic way to use the system. Other than that the service page is exactly as it should be.

The menu system on the calendar looks good. Although if we view all appointments then the stylists names need to be along the top and we only view per day. If we view by day with just a singular stylist then how it currently is works. The reason it doesnt work to view all clients as it is because there are so many appointments at the same time you wouldnt be able to read the timetable correctly. If viewing all stylists then you should only be able to view a day at a time, with the names of each stylists along the top with each having the timetable for the day below.

With regards to the HR side of the application we need to input start date end date ect as standard. Also rates of pay. With the rate of pay inputted we can then work out how much money we have made per appointment by taking the rate of pay multiplied by the time taken for the appointment, adding in the cost of any product used through the colour management system. We will likely need to then add an arbitrary amount for all other costs. 

Appointment booking
We need to be able to click a time on the calendar and be able to book an appointment from this area.

Job Roles
Job roles need to be set in global salon settings so that we select the roles from pre-prescribed roles by the person who set the system up.

Billing method
If the stylist is employed the billing method needs to be blanked out

Menu System Generally 
The menu system needs to be, I feel down the side of the window as the more expansive the software becomes as we develop it, it will require subsection menu's from the main menu.

What Stylists can do what services
Once all the services are loaded - the services need to be selected by radio buttons or tick boxes with the names of the stylists down in the first column and then all the services listed along the top. The user then can select who can do what all in a single screen.

I will play around with it more over the week and feedback. 

Again though more great progress. So excited every time i see it. So much potential