Within the booking software we need to have a page to set the settings for the salon opening days and times. When setting up the stylist work patterns, this could be days of work and work times of those days. They need to sit inside the opening times of the salon. On a side note there will be times when an appointment goes beyond the opening times of the salon, at this point we need to be able to open the salon up/extend the time to allow for the appointment. We don't want to have to go to a separate page every time an appointment is made out of the ordinary of either the opening times of the salon or the stylist. 

The work patterns will dictate the amount of hours worked per week by each employee. This in turn will dictate the number of days holiday each employee is entitled too. This is a straightforward algorithm that no doubt chatgpt or Claude will be able to obtain.

The work patterns are set for both employed and self employed members of staff. Within the settings area for setting staff up we need to be able to set the job roles, if the are employed or self employed and if they are self employed then what percentage they get from the total take of that specific stylist. For the self employed members of staff we need to determine if the salon takes 100% of the self employed bill and pays the stylist or if the stylist takes 100% and then the salon bills the stylist. If the salon bills the stylist we need to build into the global salon settings somewhere where we outline what we bill for and the percentage breakdown of each element. So for example colour, electric amongst other things. Whatever percentage agreed with each stylist would then equal 100% of the billable elements. So if the bill was £100 and the colour percentage was 25% then colour would be billed at £25 for example.


The work patterns and the salon opening times coupled with the general diary opens the system up to offer a holiday booking system. This will need to down date holiday from each employees quota. The management should have the ability to phase holiday within the business by setting the parameters about how many people are off at any given time in set roles. The self employed set of staff can have carte Blanche to book time off any time they choose as the salon cannot stand in the way of self employed team members taking holiday. By having the self employed team members using the system but not having to get approval it allows the salon management to have a global overview of what is happening. Then when an employed member of staff tries to book the salon management would have clear oversight on how the business maybe impacted from a financial perspective of having so many people off at anyone time. The only thing that the salon management can control is the employed team members and if either too many self employed and employed members of staff are off the salon management would be able to decide to approve the holiday or not. We need a report that would come through to the approving manager detailing who is on holiday that day and what members of staff are rota'd to work. It would be of benefit if the system could also detail how many appointments are scheduled on that day so the salon management can be in a well educated position to make the decision when approving the holiday